okay so apparently Kevin Nash made a few
statements in regards to win the WWE
died or I should just say when Pro
Wrestling died he was quoted in an
article stating that when Benoit and
Guerrero hugged at the end of
WrestleMania 20 that was the end of the
business yeah you know I've noticed a
lot of people making videos on this
subject and I thought I would give my
two cents on the whole matter at hand
Kevin Nash wow those are some bold words
coming from a guy like you you know I
have nothing but respect for Kevin Nash
he's done quite a bit for the business
you know this man started out as aaahs
and vinny vegas and he went on to become
a part of one of the greatest factions
of all time when he jumped boats from
the WWF to the WCW and helped form the
original NWO ascot hole and Hulk Hogan
you know he has definitely paved the way
you could say for some of the
up-and-coming talent that is out now but
let's not forget that Kevin Nash hasn't
had the most stellar career of all time
you know when he won the championship
the WWF Championship back in i believe
it was 95 when he beat Bob Backlund at
madison square garden in like five
seconds I mean he won the title yes but
you know he certainly didn't make the
WWF any better after winning the title
you know his title reign was very
lackluster and he didn't really do
anything to help improve the business at
that particular point in time and let's
not forget how great you are at promos
Kevin
I mean you are a scholar when it comes
to spittin words out in the mic yeah
sarcasm without question Kevin Nash is
damn near terrible on the mic he's up
there almost with Scott Steiner I mean
this guy is lucky that he can even form
a complete sentence without stumbling
over his words trust me just type in
Kevin Nash and promo in YouTube but I'm
sure you can find some funny stuff on
the internet with Kevin Nash messing up
promos he's definitely yeah he's
definitely not the greatest on the mic
and let's talk about your wrestling
skills you're in ring ability your move
set yeah you're you're intimidating to
look at your big six foot ten six foot
eleven 300-plus pounded yeah that's all
you're good for yeah you definitely
don't have the best moves in the ring
yet your jackknife powerbomb is is
pretty cool the move snake eyes that you
had is Vinnie Vegas and you know that
was pretty cool but what else do you got
nothing you're the man that almost broke
paul weitz neck when you gave him a
powerbomb when he didn't even want to
have the move put on him because he just
didn't feel that it was going to work in
fact it almost broke his neck Paul Wight
of course is the big show for those of
you guys that don't know yeah so let's
just say this you want to talk about
guys like Eddie Guerrero and Crispin wah
sing a punk and Daniel brown you want to
talk about them not being bigger than
life because they have a small stature
well let's just talk about your
quote-unquote your boy from the cliq
Shawn Michaels he sure as hell isn't a
six foot five 300-pound man now he's
barely five foot nothing and he weighs
what 215 pounds
if that but yet he was a good champion
so what in what exactly do you have
against Eddie Guerrero and chris benoit
Chris Benoit I can understand your beef
with but Eddie Guerrero I don't
understand here's the way I look at it
if you're good at what you do that means
if you're a great wrestler and you can
talk on the mic and you can conduct
yourself as a champion then there's no
reason why you should have a shot at
being the champion guys like Benoit guys
like Guerrero guys like punk guys like
Daniel Bryan sure they're not the
biggest in the world but guess what they
can handle themselves in the ring and
they can conduct ourselves like
champions and when they were champions
they did a pretty good job of it ok and
also you got to take into account that
the WWE holds these guys back they're
not able to go out there and be who they
really want to be because the WWE
sensors these guys plus they're also
limited to what they can do in the ring
because the WWE does allow crazy shit to
happen anymore inside the ropes because
they don't want anyone getting injured
Kevin Nash let's just put it this way
you're the guy that was shredder the
super shredder and Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles the secret of the ooze yeah
that's probably the highlight of your
whole fucking career and let's also not
forget to mention that you were in Magic
Mike Magic Mike Kevin Nash yeah you
don't have room to talk whatsoever big
boy here you are trying to be an actor
because you can't cut it in the
wrestling business anymore and now you
want to try to be some kind of two-bit
actor before you start judging and
throwing your stones look at yourself in
the mirror and you better check yourself
before you wreck yourself that's all I
got to say about it if you guys have any
thoughts but I'm in the comments below
let me know what you think I'm gold is
he peace out everybody